I'm gonna let it shine
about this day for a long time always
strength about this national
championship baby no one probably
expected us to be here everybody got it
nobody said we were gonna be here but
here we are finally it's all paying off
we get to prove that we can win a
national title we don't need anybody
else to believe in us and we look at
each other now we already know this is
Yukon time you always believed that we
were gonna be here and now you're
finally here
spectacular performance by the Husky
which team will shine tonight at AT&T
stated Lenin shine Sun by the inspiring
body of Christ living sound choir from
right here in Dallas as we bring you
inside somewhere in the neighborhood of
80,000 will be on hand